I sweated blood to train myself in martial arts.
So when I joined a big competition, I won the fight.
My life changed.
I became a bodyguard of a well-known politician
and taught martial arts to some popular celebrities.
My students, my boss, and his family,
they all became part of my life.
But I was still looking for something.
One day, some Jehovah's Witnesses came by and gave me a tract.
I was surprised and really happy to learn God's name.
I thought this could be what I've been looking for.
So I accepted a Bible study and I realized that I owed everything to God.
When I attended my first meeting, I saw how humble and caring the witnesses were.
But my neighbors made fun of me.
I wanted to beat them because I knew I could.
I was ashamed that I couldn't do anything to defend Jehovah's name.
Then one morning, before going to the meeting,
for the first time, I approached Jehovah in prayer,
asking him to give me courage.
I couldn't do it alone.
After that prayer, I felt that Jehovah really strengthened me.
And I humbly told the neighbors that I was going to the Kingdom Hall.
Since then, I've always prayed to Jehovah when making decisions.
I needed to leave martial arts.
I had to quit my job as a bodyguard and stop carrying guns.
Doing his will wasn't always easy.
But Jehovah gave me the courage to do so.
My boss asked me to visit him.
He offered me a new car and doubled my salary.
His offer was very tempting.
So I went to the washroom and intensely prayed again to Jehovah for courage.
Jehovah, help me please, I said.
I can't do this on my own.
In the end, I chose Jehovah.
Jehovah is more precious to me than anything this world could offer.
I told him.
Sorry, but I'm not accepting your offer.
It felt like losing a family and death.
Eventually, I got baptized.
I realized that it didn't matter what people thought about me.
It's how Jehovah sees me that matters.
Now, I am very grateful to be with the brothers in serving Jehovah.
I am now serving as a regular pioneer.
And this is the life that I had been looking for.